no x :benny bought a soft drink for 2 dollars and 5 candy bars. he spent a total of 27 dollars. how much did each candy bar cost ?
no x :alyssa spent half of her allowance going to the movies. she washed the family car and earned 8 dollars. what is her weekly allowance if she ended with 12 dollars ?
no x :oceanside bike rental shop charges 17 dollars plus 7 dollars an hour for renting a bike. tom paid 80 dollars to rent a bike. how many hours did he pay to have the bike checked out ?
no x :on monday, 375 students went on a trip to the zoo. all 7 buses were filled and 4 students had to travel in cars. how many students were in each bus ?
no x :there are 390 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
no x :there were a total of 323 football games in the season. the season is played for 17 months. how many football games were played each month, if each month has the same number of games?
no x :a teacher has 344 pieces of candy. if there are 43 students, and the candy is divided evenly, how many pieces will each student get?
no x :there are 960 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
no x :there were a total of 12 basketball games in the season. the season is played for 2 months. how many basketball games were played each month, if each month has the same number of games?
no x :there are 1110 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
no x :there were a total of 10 soccer games in the season. the season is played for 5 months. how many soccer games were played each month, if each month has the same number of games?
not enough numbers : hilt read that north america covered an area of 9,365,290 square miles and europe covered 3,837,082 square miles. how much bigger is north america than europe?
no x :an airplane hangar is 300 feet long. how many planes can fit into it, end to end, if each plane is 40 feet long?
no x :89 cookies are being shared equally among 4 people. how many does each person get? 
no x :256 students are going to the zoo. they have to be divided into groups so that each teacher has one group. there are 8 teachers. how many students will be in each group?
no x :mike has 45 dollars in five dollar bills.  how many five dollars bills does  he have ?
no x :dan was at the beach for five days and found 36 seashells. he plans to give all of his seashells equally to his four friends. how many seashells will each friend get ?
no x :sandy worked 45 hours in the last five days. assuming that she worked the same amount of hours each day, how long did she work each day ?
no x :there are 390 students at a school. if each classroom holds 30 students, how many classrooms are needed at the school?
no x :a teacher has 344 pieces of candy. if there are 43 students, and the candy is divided evenly, how many pieces will each student get?
no x :lexie's younger brother helped pick up all the paper clips in lexie's room. he was able to collect 81 paper clips. if he wants to distribute the paper clips in 9 boxes, how many paper clips will each box contain?
